A low score does not always mean the AI Agent is weak.
The task may be ambiguous, the environment may be broken, or the grader may reject a valid answer.
Evaluation quality must be tested too.
Start with failures you already see.
Manual checks, support tickets, production bugs, and difficult edge cases are high-value seeds because they represent real user expectations rather than imaginary benchmark puzzles.
Write each task so two qualified reviewers can reach the same verdict.
Include the input, required outcome, important constraints, and everything the grader will inspect.
Then create a reference solution that proves the task is solvable and that the graders can recognize a known good result.
Build balanced sets and begin small.
A useful early suite can contain a few dozen realistic tasks instead of hundreds of weak examples.
As the product matures, add harder cases that distinguish improvements and convert solved capability tests into regression protection.
Read transcripts and grades from many trials.
A failed trace tells you whether the Agent made a genuine mistake, whether the harness blocked progress, or whether the grader punished a reasonable solution.
If failures do not look fair, revise the evaluation before optimizing the Agent.
Treat the suite as a living artifact.
Models improve, products change, user behavior shifts, and once-difficult tasks saturate.
Ownership, regular maintenance, production monitoring, and periodic human calibration keep the signal useful over time.
First, turn real failures into unambiguous tasks with reference solutions.
Second, read transcripts to tell Agent errors from grader errors.
Third, keep the suite current as capabilities, products, and risks change.